Dockeree (#263)
storageos/storageos.github.io: _includes/k8s/bestpractices/swarm-nodes.md

## StorageOS in DockerEE

> It is recommended to use Kubernetes nodes to provision Stateful workloads as

Reviewer: I think we should move this comment to the root of the Docker EE section, or duplicate it there. Let's not bury it in a Best Practice but shout it clearly.

Author: Agreed

> StorageOS is not supported to run in Swarm nodes. StorageOS volumes have to be

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
as the running of StorageOS is not supported in Swarm nodes. StorageOS volumes have to be
```
